>> Jen: Go to finish your book chapter,
think about including some images,
float those images in place,
don't forget a clear.
Think about quotes, you could actually do
some floats with a quote as well, okay?
You may need to put a width on your quote.
So, take your block quote, put a width
on it, try floating it in space,
see if you can do something cool by
floating an actual, your block quote.
You can try by practicing that here
with this Nicholas Cage example.
So, you can take this whole aside,
try sitting a width on the aside,
float that in space,
style it in some kinda cool way
as part of the article, okay.
So, as you work on your book chapters
post them up on code pen, remember,
if you want to keep your book chapter
from last night the way it was,
fork your current book chapter,
make a new copy of it.
And then, you can continue
putting in your formatting.
Your new images, maybe doing
something cool with block quotes and
floating things.
Think about padding in margin.
Some of those gaps and spacing that
you wanted to put in your web page.
You can try all that stuff
with your book chapter, okay.
and when we come back at 1:20 PM,
put those URLs in slack and
we can take a look at a few of those
before we go onto Flex Box, sound good?
Okay, see you all then.